baremetal: use controller and worker module (#1374)
kinvolk/lokomotive: docs/configuration-reference/platforms/baremetal.md

| `controller_macs`                 | Ordered list of controller identifying MAC addresses. Example: ["52:54:00:a1:9c:ae"]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | -                      | list(string) | true     |
| `controller_names`                | Ordered list of controller names. Example: ["node1"]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | -                      | list(string) | true     |

> | `k8s_domain_name`                 | Domain name which will be used for cluster DNS entries. E.g. If you set it to "example.com", then <cluster_name>.example.com must be set to point to controller's IP address. Example: "mercury.example.com"                                                                                                                                                                              | -                      | string       | true     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `k8s_domain_name`                 | Domain name which will be used for cluster DNS entries. E.g. If you set it to "example.com", then <cluster_name>.example.com must be set to point to controller IP addresses. Example: "mercury.example.com"                                                                                                                                                                              | -                      | string       | true     |
```
